Not misleading regarding ChaCha20 confidentiality (#58)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits: draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits.md

## AEAD_CHACHA20_POLY1305

The known single-user analyses for AEAD_CHACHA20_POLY1305
{{ChaCha20Poly1305-SU}}, {{ChaCha20Poly1305-MU}} give a combined AE limit,
which we separate into confidentiality and integrity limits below. For this
AEAD, `n = 512`, `k = 256`, and `t = 128`; the length `L` is the sum of AAD
and plaintext (in blocks of 128 bits), see {{ChaCha20Poly1305-MU}}.

<!--
    In {{ChaCha20Poly1305-SU}}, L is |AAD| + |plaintext| + 1; the + 1 is one
    block length encoding.

    From {{ChaCha20Poly1305-MU}} Theorem 4.1:
      AEA <= PRF-advantage  +  v * 2^25 * (L+1) / 2^t
    where t = 128. The CA part of this is only the PRF advantage, as in the
    proof of Theorem 4.1, the hops bounding G_3 only apply to the decryption
    oracle. So CA beyond the PRF advantage is 0.
-->

### Confidentiality Limit

~~~
CA <= 0
~~~

> This implies there is no limit beyond the PRF security of the underlying ChaCha20

Reviewer: Should we say "assumes" instead of "implies"?  I know that this is a dirty word here, but:

```suggestion
This analysis assumes that there is no limit beyond the PRF security of the underlying ChaCha20
```

Reviewer 2: No, the analysis indeed _implies_ that there is no limit beyond the _assumed_ PRF security of ChaCha20.  (The latter is in line with our statements e.g. under Security Considerations, that analyses assume primitives ideal, like PRF being truly random functions.)

Fine to add "_assumed_ PRF security ..." though, if that makes it clearer.

    2^25 * (L+1) for the worst case L = |AAD|+|m| = 2; cf. Theorem 3.4.)
-->
~~~

> CA <= 1 / 2^256

Reviewer: Even with the assumption of an ideal PRF, an attacker should have advantage at least based on `q`.  Maybe we can just drop this line and instead say that the paper assumes that the confidentiality advantage over an ideal PRF is zero.  Of course, that is false because the PRF will repeat after a sufficient number of blocks, even if that is an implausibly large number.
